It looks like you finally figured it out, Astral.
Sure I don't know where the Numeron Code's resting place is.
So I made the Earth a part of the Barian World,
to gain the power of the Numeron Code.
Once I defeat you worms in this Duel,
I'll obtain the entire Numeron Code.
And then the Past and Future will be mine.
As if I'll let you do something that!
Don Thousand, we're definitely gonna beat you!
Yuma... Shark... Astral...!
Please... our future... please protect our future!
I set one card and end my turn!
How foolish...
You're completely powerless before me,
who has the power of the Numeron Code.
Sure, stretching out all around us is the Field Spell Card, "Numeron Network".
With its power, this whole Duel can be rewritten.
If something isn't done about it, our chances of Victory are...
My turn. Draw!
I activate the Spell Card "Numeron Direct"!
This card allows me, while "Numeron Network" is activated,
to chose Xyz Monsters with 'Numeron' in their name and 1000 or less ATK from my Extra Deck,
and special summon 4 of them!
I'll be Summoning 4 Numbers.
Sa- say what, Numbers?!
And these 4 Numbers are the ones that first fell to Earth.
Ever watching over all these grounds, the Guardians of Earth!
Appear, Number 4!
Gate of Numeron - Catvari!
That's the real Number 4!
Come forth now! Number 3! And Number 2!
Gate of Numeron - Trini!
Gate of Numeron - Dve!
And this is the ultimate perfection of "Numeron".
Come forth, Number 1!
When the Iron Gate from where Heaven and Hell are touching opens,
abandon your last Hope!
Gate of Numeron - Ekam!
Tha- that's Number 1!
Th- the Numbers have combined!?
These cards are the Numbers appropriate for a God to use.
The Gate of Numeron.
But their Attack is only 1000!
Yuma! You'll beat him!
That's easy for you to say!
All we've got on our field is the Zero Attack Ganbara Knight!
Additionally, his effect's been negated.
Also, there's something about those Numbers!
Yuma, as long as there is a card on the other field,
he can't rewrite our cards with Numeron Network.
That's right!
I'll have Number 1: Numeron - Ekam, attack Ganbara Knight!
Trap activate! "Half Unbreak"!
During this turn, the attacked monster is protected from destruction by battle
and all damage we take is halved!
And now, the damage pours down upon the Astral World!
The Astral World is...
WONDER WINGS, will you carry me...
...to an even brighter world, TAKE OFF!
JPN -> EN: NeoArkadia, Superion; TL Check: Yami no Yami; OP/ED: Bobo, NeoArkadia; Timing: Yami no Yami; Editing: Yami no Yami
By NACsubs - www.neoarkcradle.net
The Duel that decides our fate,
now, show me your [Heart] CARD
Words aren't enough to satisfy
the feelings I want to express.
Beside you, I've always been dreaming the same
Right now, with you
Oh - By facing each other,
... to create a new future, let's Shining Draw!
On WONDER WINGS, you carry me...
... don't let us ever untie our hands,
Kattobing from the sun...
... on to an even brighter world, TAKE OFF TO THE FUTURE!
"Cut Open a Path to the Future
Astral's Determination!!"
It seems to have begun.
The battle to decide the future of the Astral and Barian Worlds.
How's that, Astral,
to watch how you yourselves are destroying the Astral World!
That's dirty, Don Thousand!
Cool down.
Right now, we have to endure his attacks by all means!
Endure them? How foolish!
I activate the effect of Number 1: Numeron Ekam!
After a battle, by using 1 Overlay Unit,
it doubles the Attack of my Numeron monsters.
But your monsters have no Overlay Units!
While I control "Numeron Network",
Numeron Monsters don't have to use Overlay Units to activate their effects.
Wha- What?!
Again the light in the Network is...
I see!
With this effect, all of my monsters
have their Attack doubled!
And, my other Numbers share the same effect.
So each time he battles, his monsters double their Attack!
How the hell can we...?!
Yuma.
In order to win, we have no choice but to destroy the Numeron Network.
But how can we...?!
We don't even know, where that card is...
When the effects of "Numeron Network" are activated,
lights run along the Network stretching out over this world.
Probably...
... they're drawing their power from the Numeron Code,
from where it sleeps inside the Earth.
Which means that there is, where the actual card "Numeron Network" has to be.
It's up to you two, Yuma, Shark!
Astral...
Don Thousand.
Astral!
It's up to you two, Yuma, Shark!
Astral...
How foolish.
Even if you go after the Numeron Network itself to destroy it,
finding it won't change anything about your defeat.
Now, behold the true form of "Gate of Numeron"!
Number 2: Gate of Numeron - Dve, Attack Ganbara Knight!
Tha... that's Gate of Numeron's real form!?
It's coming, Yuma!
Got it! I activate Half Unbreak once again!
And now, I activate Number 2 Numeron Dve's effect!
Their Attack is doubled.
Here it comes again.
Until Astral finds the Numeron Network,
we have to survive by any means!
Yuma!
Shark!
And now, Number 3.
Numeron Trini, attack Ganbara Knight!
Half Unbreak, activate!
Yuma! Shark!
I activate Number 3 Numeron Trini's effect!
The Attack of all Numeron monsters is doubled.
That's 8000 Attack...
There's no way we can evade this one!
With this, it's over.
Disappear, Yuma. Nasch.
I'll have Number 4: Numeron Catvari attack Ganbara Knight!
As if I let you!
At this moment, I activate the effect of the "Cut In Shark" in my hand!
When a monster is attacked, that monster is tributed,
and then "Cut In Shark" is Special Summoned from my hand in Defense Position!
Nice save, Shark!
Hold on, Yuma! Shark!
So you want to prolong your end a bit?
I activate the effect of "Number 4: Numeron Catvari"!
The Attack doubles.
16000 Attack?!
That's not all. Since "Numeron Network" is active,
I can chaosify and Rank-Up my "Number 1: Numeron Ekam".
What?!
I Overlay "Numeron Ekam".
Chaos Xyz Change!
Come forth, Chaos Number 1!
What... What will appear this time?
Destroy the Order of everything and let the Chaos become Darkness!
Guide the World to it's True Form!
Gate of Chaos Numeron Shunya!
However,
if there is no activated "Numeron Network", this monster is destroyed.
And now I activate the effect of "Chaos Numeron Shunya"!
When this Monster is summoned,
all monsters on the field are banished.
Also, in my next turn,
Number 1: Chaos Numeron Shunya returns to the field.
At that time,
the combined Attack of the monsters banished by this effect...
is inflicted to the opponent as damage.
Wha- say what?!
The combined Attack of the monsters banished by Shunya's effect is... 50,000!
If that guy gets his next turn, then for sure...
... we're going to lose!
My turn, draw!
I Normal Summon "Bomb Shark"!
After this guy battles, he's destroyed,
and the total of all Attack on the field is inflicted to the opponent as damage!
Now, I activate the Spell Card "Aqua Jet"!
During this turn, one WATER Monster gains Attack!
Yeah! By attacking him directly and using its effect,
you'll deal 4000 damage to him!
No.
Hu?!
I activate the effect of "Numeron Network"!
Once per turn, I can send 1 "Numeron" Card from my Deck to the Graveyard
to activate the sent card's effect.
I send the Counter Trap Card "Numeron Writing Magic" to my Graveyard
to activate its effect!
When my opponent activates a Spell Card,
I can negate that activation and effect,
then search my opponent's Deck for a Spell Card that can be activated properly,
and activate it on my opponent's field!
That's the Spell Card "Surface"!
Correct, the card you activated was "Surface" not "Aqua Jet".
He... He rewrote that card too!
This choses 1 Water Monster in your Graveyard
and Special Summons it in face-up Defense Position.
I Special Summon "Cut-In-Shark" from my Graveyard.
And since I control other monsters than this card, "Bomb Shark" destroys itself.
Something like this...
And Yuma and the others keep on fighting on the field...
Dang it, as long as "Numeron Network" is there,
that guy is free to do with our cards...
Don't give up!
That Duel isn't over yet!
Shark...
I activate the Quick Spell Card "Surface Rank-Up"!
When a Water Monster is destroyed and sent to the Graveyard, I can activate this card,
and add a "Rank-Up-Magic" Spell Card from my Deck to my hand.
Here I come, Don Thousand!
I activate "Rank-Up-Magic The Seventh One"!
Come forth, Number 101!
Silent Honors Ark Knight!
I Overlay my Rank 4 "Ark Knight"!
I reconstruct the Overlay Network with this single monster!
Chaos Xyz Change!
Show yourself, Chaos Number 101!
Silent Honors Dark Knight!
Numeron Network's effect is a once per turn effect.
You can't rewrite another card this turn!
And now I activate "Dark Knight's" effect!
By sending all its Chaos Overlay Units to the Graveyard,
I can Special Summon "Ark Knight" from the Graveyard.
Awesome, Shark!
If Ark Knight and Dark Knight...
... If both of them attack...!
Nasch, you were aiming for this from the beginning.
That's right. I let you use the effect of Numeron Network before,
to set up this situation.
You're telling me you wanted me to rewrite your card!?
This is the end, Don Thousand!
Ark Knight, attack directly!
Go, Dark Knight, attack him directly!
That's the decision!
I Special Summon "Numeron Wall" from my hand, in face-up Defense Position!
When I take Battle Damage, I can Special Summon this card from my hand...
and end the Battle Phase!
What?!
What a pity, Nasch, just a little more and...
Don Thousand!
This is it!
This is it, I found it.
The actual card of "Numeron Network".
So you found it?
Astral!
Nice, so you got there.
Don Thousand, this is the end for "Numeron Network"!
You think, you can destroy that card?
I'm going to take it away from here and bring it the Duel field!
I see. But if this card gets destroyed,
the massive amounts of energy accumulated here have nowhere to go,
and the energy that already was spread through the Numeron Network,
will flow back onto the Earth, likely causing its end.
That's...
Our world will be...?
So what will you do?
Sacrifice the Earth to save the Astral World?
On the other hand, if Numeron Network isn't destroyed,
during my next turn, you will take 50,000 damage
and you will disappear, right?
Astral...
Something has to be sacrificed either way...
So then...
A- Astral?!
Hey Astral! No way, you...?
Yuma... Shark...
I do believe...
... that this card...
... has to be destroyed!
The card is on his field now...
Astral, you...
I activate Dark Knight's effect!
This card can turn an opponent's monster into an Chaos Overlay Unit!
Dark Soul Over!
And now I activate the Spell Card "Depth Eruption".
If I control a WATER Xyz Monster,
I can destroy every card on the field!
Shark!
Oh, Numeron Network's...
That's... But then...!
Yuma, can you hear me?
Don't worry.
That energy, I'll take it on me.
Astral?!
Hey! What're you sayin' there!
But when you take that, you...?
No way you... were up to this from the beginning...!?
Yuma, I entrust all the Numbers to you.
The rest is up to you, Yuma.
Astral...?!
You big jerk, don't screw around like that!
You... If you're going to sacrifice yourself,
I'll never ever forgive you this!
Astral!
Fare well, Yuma...
You... you are...?
Eliphas!?
Astral.
Why are you...?
The Astral World went down the wrong path before,
but then new powers of "Hope" and "The Bonds of Friendship" were born.
Due to you and Yuma.
Eliphas... you...
Astral, you must not die just yet.
I entrust the future to you all...
Eliphas!
Tha... that's...
Eliphas, you phony trickster.
Why...? Just why did...?!
Astral...
Eliphas told me...
... that he entrusted the future to us.
That's why I mustn't cry.
We now carry the hopes of countless friends...
Yuma! Shark!
We absolutely have to win this Duel!
Of course! Here we go, Don Thousand!
I activate Dark Knight's effect!
If it's destroyed while it has Chaos Overlay Units...
it revives itself back to my field!
And then we gain Life Points equal to Dark Knight's Attack!
I set 1 card face-down and end my turn.
Shark...
We will never lose!
Don Thousand!
In the present, past and future,
We are wishing upon the shards of dreams
'Til we can grab hold of them
Challenge the GAME!
Let it go.
When there's a problem that can't be beaten,
We'll just try again.
You keep holding your heart inside your chest
It's the power you get from keeping the faith.
Even while you're discouraged and crying
Let's try to secure tomorrow with our bonds
We can shatter anything
Fear and fate and even the most fervent fantasies
Keep on burning as you break through!
In the Present, Past and Future
We are wishing upon the shards of dreams
Let's go and reach out
Beyond the limits
'Til we can grab hold of them,
Challenge the GAME
Even though the Numeron Network was destroyed, it only provided a moment of rest.
To decide his self-rightosly called Duel of God for himself, Don Thousand releases an even greater power!
Chaos Numbers 1000, you say?!
You... Kaito, is that you?
Even after death, you still...?
Yuma! It's time we shred that bastard!
Next Time, on Yu-Gi-Oh ZeXaL II!
"Our Feelings are as One! The Dragon of Creation, Numeron Dragon"
I won't give up until the very end!